Company Name: DiamondKrest
Category: Healthcare Staffing and Home Care Services
Tag line: Treasured Clients, Priceless Care

phone number: 613-986-2724

Menu category - Home, About Us, Our Services, Careers

Content for home page,

- Welcome to DiamondKrest Healthcare Staffing and Home Care Services, your trusted partner in  Healthcare Staffing and personalized home care  services in Ottawa. Our dedicated team is committed to providing well experienced Healthcare staff and the highest quality in-home health care with compassion and expertise.
- At DiamondKrest, we understand the importance of providing comprehensive and specialized home care services and competent Healthcare Staff.

Our commitment to our clients
Our staffing division supply highly qualified, experienced staff on demand.
Our Home Care Services team is dedicated to creating personalized care plans that meet the unique needs of each individual. We offer a wide range of services including assistance with daily activities, emotional support, respite care, palliative care, meal planning and preparation, and more. Our compassionate caregivers are trained to provide the highest level of care, ensuring the well-being and comfort of our clients.

List of services to display on home page
​Companionship
Meal Planning and Preparation
Incidental Transportation
Light Housekeeping
Health Management
Personal Care
Household Management Assistance
Alzheimer’s and Dementia Care
Respite Care

Address: 1338 Wellington Street West Ottawa, ON K1Y 3B7, Unit 10
Contact: 613-986-2724
Fax: 613-672-7016
Email: info@diamondkrest.com

DiamondKrest is available to our clients 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, and 365 days a year.

Below that add a google map showing the above Address

Join Our Team of Compassionate Caregivers Call now 613 986 2724

Testimonials
DiamondKrest has been a lifesaver for our family. The caregivers are incredibly kind and attentive, providing the support and care that our loved one needs.
- B. R.

The level of professionalism and genuine care provided by DiamondKrest Home Care is unmatched. I highly recommend their services to anyone in need of compassionate home care.
- Mike S.